before we begin let us start by saying
if you ever get a chance to acquire a
somewhat silly get quite profitable
movie franchise be sure you write a
great filler movie to give the fans some
hope before you make that ridiculous
storyline even worse the stars of our
movie today our Stephen Hawking's
double-crossing two-timing cheatin ball
and chain James moon Wow
the English translation makes him sound
like the name of a s share and cover
artist this badness and some other guys
in a droid you'll love but don't get too
attached because then they all just can
die play well story begins with generals
father Galen who is some important
science guy hiding out with his family
on some rural planet farmer from will it
ain't much but it's honest work unlike
building a giant boom boom ball that
floats around unsuspecting planets while
the trigger-happy son bits wait to push
the big red button and blow y'all into
oblivion and might I add that at least a
little girl in this movie has a history
that actually connects her to her movie
road duties instead of oh you know
didn't it just pick up some young lady
out it's crackin a imaginations in there
at the last minute being like oh she's
the granddaughter of the evilest Foglia
scatter in this story even though they
no way in hell anybody would bang their
shop hey oh wait
unless she was some midi-chlorian virgin
birth something who the hell knows
didn't eat in the business are coming up
with answers but I digress
Olsen Critic wants Galen to come back
and help build a big boom-boom weapon
and what better way to convince him than
to rob him of all he loves and holds
dear but little gen4 little star fart is
found hiding by Saul Guerrero who's like
come with me if you want to live
sometimes later she done got herself
thrown in the pokey I know what you
thinking but don't feel bad
he thinks you're ugly too on this dick
said it between two rocks this handsome
fellow named Cassie and finds out the
Empire's making a planet blower-upper
and that's why they rollin around the
universe casually stealing everybody's
crystal loot well thanks for the info
and fare-thee-well bit and I'm just
sitting here thinking this Oh
fella named Kayne is quite a
questionable sexpot over here on Jetta
we meet Bodhi who done went and got a
hips and some deep doo-doo he's looking
for Saul Guerrero because he got himself
an important message from the design of
the planet blower-upper but he's running
around in the enemy's uniform and ain't
nobody got time for that
Oh a Deadeye Oh whoa Barney oh okay
now y'all just making up words words
that sound like brains of some probiotic
yogurt that makes your bowels move on
the daily we back to the little cutie
captive and that thing that thinks you
ugly too handsome Cassie and crashes the
criminal party and sir geoffrey chaucer
says come with me if you want to leave
Oh handsome Cassie and transport mr. bat
- C Mon Mothra I mean mouth man
I mean man Martha Obama I mean it is for
disease no matter all the medicine she
tells her to find Saul Guerrero to help
her find planet blower-upper building
Tapia before she has to turn her mouth
her mama men in the planet blower-upper
building Pepe blow her up us did that
god I hope so
and we meet this reprogram terminate
after he got his roses and his name is
k2 but don't get too attached to him
because he just [ __ ] dies back on
Jenna botta find Saul who takes him to
get probed in places I didn't even know
existed
well Cassie and Jim search for Saul we
meet charity and Bayes before some poop
use and boom booms and a child crying in
the street before the heroin saves it
then gets snatched up by the mama and
you for sure they gonna go full Titanic
on you and have the child and the parent
washed away by ice-cold water but it
looks like they cooked that pot either
that or I'm the world's greatest
specimens and this right here is why I'm
moving out of my neighborhood because
when the drug dealers on my street start
going at it I know y'all don't want to
see this happening to me maybe actually
moved to Mexico so I can stop diego luna
and then well down and Saul's men throw
taxes in the clink and cheered and based
on some smack and they all find Bodie
who's been so mine he actually thinks
his name adele dazeem well jin sees a
message from her dad who tells her
disney thought they should give the
unexplained flaw in the death style
reason that seems legit but two men with
the tie need you to tell you was proved
their manhood by blowing up something
tails those time really and now the
rebellion
post on Jetta is dead oh oh II do
caching is like all y'all need to stay
your happiness is here i'ma go shoot her
daddy what I didn't say she her daddy
but of course Cassidy can't shoot her
daddy because he's the handsome guy who
has some guys in these movies don't you
people days damn it
pew fuse and Boom Boom's and Jin says
goodbye to her Pepe and Atkins me style
and then she runs out of the tent and
kills all the same people to end no but
she do leave him lying there because
pretty soon he gonna start stinking
something funky
so she hitches and then she choose hey
Cassie who didn't even shoot her daddy
because he was too damn handsome and she
tells the Alliance council her Pappy
sacrificed themselves so he could make
the big black boom-boom ball vulnerable
to an attack and look how grateful they
are so they decide if [ __ ] gonna get
done
then she wouldn't do to themselves and
what didn't she just hang him a few
minutes ago and now she's making googly
eyes at my man like my hair room and
he's like no girl I ain't no hero I did
all for the wookie wait what the hell is
this DISA look like something Jimmy
isn't worth throw away and from here
forward I don't explain this plot by
saying one thing if you do anything to
advance this story
yo this is grass now on the scare for
Cassie and does make that little suit
look sexy
oh there let's again yo get you can die
first
and what are y'all rebels always wear
such dumb octets I'm so glad your ears
will stay warm in the space equivalent
of Vietnam they're a bunch of happens
and they all died right down that [ __ ]
in Vietnam
among some irrelevant English banter I
he assumed to be dead people rebel says
the reinforcements and all they see are
people saying help me Forrest help me
and cheer just sit there like Jesus how
many miss I gotta kill oh now y'all got
somebody in there and all of a sudden
you wrote balls and this one guy says
pull up and the other guy says ok I'm
just in here to scream but the point is
there's a shield and the data fields are
too big to get through and that she'll
need to go to town and they say they got
a prob'ly shield
it's Probie propellant real good this
what boat it was singing earlier you
know so well can see me and Jenna and
that bottle trying to steal the Death
Star plans here's what the fight
actually sounds like in space that's it
Lily just skinned eyes Nomura gotto mr.
Roboto
and Kate us always tko'ed cheer walks
along to the magic button saying help me
false help me and he just enjoys them
Bodhi our tits and then BAE's well he
just dies and can't stay in foster wood
should be his death then Jim tries to
get through the sphincter before it
cleanses back up then Jin runs out to
reinga some satellite or something and
the bad guy say no I'm your father
well he don't but can't see an office in
for certain and his favorite piece of
working and after jitters transmitted
the plans
Cassie transmits his tongue into Jin's
face well he don't but you about to
chirp ice grass you ain't even get no
tongue didn't get in kissing just in
then they deliver the plans to Leia and
you know the real end and then no it's
not that angry hobo Luke and the spawn
of Satan and have fully my boyfriend
story and before I go I want to say I
need help I want to keep this channel
alive so help me meth has helped me I
have a monetary goal I need to reach in
the next few months so please go over to
my patreon and read more about that and
drop a better dollar thank you to all
these folks who dropped eight dollars
every month for Moses plane fall I'm Jim
of consign that's all I know where st.
John Williams
[Laughter]